hi everyone its CJ um I am Elena's
friend as you may already guessed by my
occasional appearances and her vlogs if
you don't remember me I am in the video
and occasion you can see the sleeve of
my sweater in her time episodes and
lectures
um I am apparently gonna take over her
vlog for the next couple days
not really I'm just filming a blog for
you guys because apparently my life is
gonna be interesting and you guys will
want to watch it I don't know though
but I'm filming this a day before I
actually start filming so that you guys
can see me in proper lighting and not
looking all disgusting in the morning so
good morning everyone
um so I woke up about half an hour ago
it's currently about 7:00 and it's still
dark outside it's not green but oh it's
kind of light so I don't see where Elena
stays I stay in crypts which is about
halfway across college which is why
today not there you ready comes to visit
me because she doesn't want to climb as
this and I don't blame her because my
room is about and the highest level so I
have to climb all the way up to get to
my room so hungry
so um today I've got a super vision at
8:45 for tart and I just have to quickly
go through my notes and make sure that I
know the cases and the case law and any
general concepts so that I don't get
wrecked doing my super to leave this
house to you guys in a bit
[Music]
so what's happening today is that I have
lectures before there are supervision
and then I've got some tiny extra
curricular moments which is going to be
really really fun but my actual
character is like a newspaper for
Cambridge and it's really fun I get this
set the newspaper I get to look at a
photos I get to edit the papers and you
know Jen I really curate content that I
like to read and in this case it's
usually about fashion because I edit for
this section which is fashion please
check out my side you guys shameless
self luck so I literally just put on
some makeup because I didn't want a
little bit and I realised I didn't put
sunblock on and I'm honestly shocked
right now because I can't survive
without sunblock because um the Sun is a
deadly laser it's very deadly
um UV rays are not good and for your
information I like the look as pale as a
ghost all the time because I don't like
being tan I think being as ghostly pale
as possible is the look that I try to
achieve most of the time and not I'd
have some luck and I feel like my life
is incomplete
[Music]
half said are you that false life is
gone on a level of one to ten twenty
five that's so sad
cos he knows the PhD students office
professor whoever you like unfortunately
then he had like really really cool
theory about parliamentary sovereignty
which is rejected by the entire academic
community which is probably where I can
relate to him so I am I think that your
protect me she just got them it's not
that it's not that great it's amazing
she just hid them because she's
fangirling another professor theory that
it's a much better theory it's a better
theory like what technically a
revolution if I wait like what that's
everything excuse me we're both gonna go
back to college because we're tired yeah
actually I was planning to like do like
a Saturday evening not study you mean
study afternoon and evening in the
university library and he'll be sitting
an extra lecture don't know we are dying
we are both dying so like it would look
like that I don't know why then cause
it's like information overload I swear
yeah because we did like over 600 pages
of reading a pure case lot so this
doesn't even include the 300 pages of
the textbook for our supervision this
morning at 8:45 yeah we were done the
Sun is a problem it's it's really bright
ah darkness my old friend just for my
maiden likes I might take a nap before
for 15 minutes that I have before I need
to go out it's 10 thing I'll give you
that but I might not I might just be a
good university students go through
Instagram all right so I'm just gonna
hit out and get my together so I
can go for my extracurricular cuz I do
want to bring a huge back over with all
of my stuff so get my keys because
that's important if I can never get back
in I'm heading to make sure trick you
learn more
because it's kind of near Queens College
I think so see you guys I just finished
setting a paper it took two hours
because we have this amazing shirt
that's going in the paper this week and
it's really really long because I had to
do Photoshop and mess around the words
that make sure the form I think was
right so I'm finally done after two
hours finally have time to study and
head back to my room I think but you
know I guess I always loved like doing
any series you talk to every one day and
it's always really fun meeting words and
making sure that everything is perfect
for print and yeah so that's it for now
hi all right guess I'm back in back with
ya you still remember me so anyway um
did you tell the story no okay you can
tap out I'll hold it up you can tell the
story
so basically when you were supposed to
do work at digital verification we kind
of ended up on this website which had
really really cool stickers about law
school okay no you didn't end up on it
you search for the sticker okay yeah
because somebody had that stick and it
off I could you know like I need this
and so and then we went on like a little
trip a little shrimp just a little just
a little sure so yeah let's go put this
oh wait this is not what we ordered a
size extra there we go okay guys that is
what we got this is the one you want
that yeah also this is that all like
what I want
welcome to oh oh this is so good it's
nice really really good I know I love it
Legally Blonde yeah oh my god we should
do a reaction video let us know in the
comments if you'd be interested
do you know what this is
yeah Roe vs. Wade iconic yeah
oh speaking of iconic even more icons
coming soon yeah
Pearson Specter
and guess what I just said oh my god oh
this is so good
yeah we got to erase because did you
want one as well yep okay so it's the
end of the day it's about epi meaning
that I start to shut down I don't get
out of my room um I just came back a
really nice room right away um hi
RPG hi um I guess I don't know RBG has
Ruth Bader Ginsburg she's a Supreme
Court justice in the US and she is
iconic so it's about eight it's not even
it mean that um it's time for me to go
shower and not leave because apparently
I see beef and I don't have a bathtub
which which just doesn't make any
logical sense because I need time for my
hair to dry it's like first more
problems but like somehow I like the way
my hair looks very long as I just had it
in a bun
and it's coming off the bun so yeah are
we studying Marla tonight no I usually
study and do about like maybe 10:30
maybe 11:00 so don't take me as a good
example for what my fatlings I really am
not a good example but I'm like a decent
example for like commitment to the law
good morning honey
it's like 7:00 and we did laundry at
6:00 Betty and I don't know why but the
laundry room is busy at 6:30 in the
morning
it isn't busy at 8:00 I don't know why
it's busy a success
yeah I don't know but like all the
washing machines are in use now and I'm
sorry why don't we get help you know
class to do laundry and then nobody
really appreciated that so yeah and I
think it is making us breakfast as usual
my life are you enjoying your 40 panty
no I'm drinking my cheap two pounds he
right now okay she gave me her fortune
parity good I've tried it yet but anyway
we've food which looks so good I never
write to you from chrome so yeah I'm her
agent reminder hi good morning again so
it's currently about II my laundry is
gonna be done in about 16 minutes and
I'm gonna be heading out the study
because Wednesday is my kind of free day
there's no lectures which is amazing but
today we I have an obvious I have legal
skills in mythology which is like kind
of seminar class with this really cool
eh new student Elena has talked to you
guys about her or we talked about this
somewhere it it's funny she's really
funny she makes the class interesting so
that's from for the 16 hours be spending
the rest of the day I think in the UL
doing some work trying to finish up
civil law so that I can write my essay
tomorrow so yeah it's gonna be kind of a
boring day but be honest II mean he well
I guess
[Music]
so I'm like Elena I use a massive I've
had flow it is the love of my life and
this is particularly first of all though
I write notes on my like books and like
all of reading on the iPad using good
notes and it's nice I like the UM the
whole kind of digital ink that goes on
here and I think it's really cute and I
use Delta paper because I kind of try to
be fancy you know okay so I'm kind of
done with my reading kind of meeting
that kind of thought and I think so
that's great
meaning that and I did like clear my
laundry and stuff because you know it's
this really good nothing quite like
finishing up your laundry don't you
think so
so I'm just gonna clean up my room
because it is messy as hell right now
guess where we're at again McDonald you
she's getting many pre-owned channel
guys down below if you want to start her
own channel oh no I don't want to do it
don't do it guys no no I don't have time
for this
if you want her to live you know do more
vlog take away net
I have two extra curriculars and it's
too many guys the comment down below how
many truckers alia has it I'll review
answer shortly
oh yeah by the way season will be taking
over the comments I'm a bit slow so have
fun good morning everyone
so um for context today is Valentine's
Day which is why I have more makeup on
because I want to look good for
Valentine's Day not because I'm seeing
anyone but you know for yourself
self-love is important okay I think I
saw like funky booty like galentine's
day and it's like it's a huge mood but
um so today is Thursday meaning and I
have an essay due today technically for
civil law so I've just planned it in the
morning because I worked at 6:30 it's
currently about 9:00 I'm just going to
be writing the essay today I've planned
it on my computer and I have super Hall
tonight for Valentine's Day we've saw my
friends it's gonna be so much fun
I'm gonna attempt to bring you guys in
and film some because I'm pretty sure
there's gonna be such cute decorations
and a food is kind of pink themed
and I am so excited because it's always
really really fun to have time to sit
down from what I know of all of your
friends and uh yeah so that's the plan
for today i'm here just writing my essay
GUI for like just in the morning and it
is a beautiful day today like so nice
any I'll see you guys alright so I'm
back in my room meaning that it is sa
time I've already handwrite and I see
it's gonna be about five or six pages
handwritten which sounds scary but
actually
I think it's with margins so it's not as
bad but what's bad is my Dharan like of
content this day so you're gonna see me
die and that's fine I think the essays
are like a horse a day of mine and if
you you just need to get into that mood
so hopefully I can get this done in
about three hours so I can you know
enjoy the rest of my evening go for a
hall and then just have fun you know
instead of going batshit crazy over my
a/c so and the weather's also really
nicely so it's feels terrible to be in
but also really sunny we just saw my
cousin's are closed but yeah you guys
see me Ram ISE hopefully it doesn't go
too badly
[Music]
I currently have about one more pitch to
write for this essay I am hoping that I
can finish this video next 1-hour maybe
maybe half hour I don't know I'm really
optimistic I finished just by 5 p.m. so
that I can't you know chill and maybe do
some other things other than what on
this beautiful day so um
wish me luck I'm done 5 and 1/4 future I
don't know what that was right thing but
obviously I feel like my handwriting
doesn't know too bad it's it's readable
I've left margins hopefully it's gonna
be too but I'm just gonna tear this out
step of it and I'm not gonna read it
because I cannot bear to eat my terrible
words
so can I submit it it's now time for the
highlight of my social calendar for the
week
it's Valentine server Hall which means I
have to wear my cow and you know I look
nice not really it's not really a must
but you just do it because I'm nice to
get caught up in the Darr monotony of
cambridge life like essays and like
super visions and like just say you know
times you just want to look halfway
decent you know so I've got my highlight
on got some lipstick but some earrings
that are not tiny but like decently not
that big neither so I would bring you
guys along with me I think and hopefully
show you a little
it probably not much I think you've seen
a little bit of the whole already last
time when they never brought you along
but um yeah let me I'm gonna get my gun
I'll be back also hot hit because you
have to marry god this thing is thin
it's Hank I always get cold
so this hole is quite cold so I could
pull a sweat off that no one can usually
tell that I have it on just so that you
know I stay warm
ish so sweater cap remove some of the
dress but it's alright because they're
gonna be worn and I got nice even tell
that I am a spitter one because this
this thing blocks literally everything
that's like so much bulb to yourself but
um the brush of the spell but I see
[Music]
[Applause]
it's like 12 a.m. right now um real
lightly tipsy but we're not in a flight
hits the air like it's not green but um
well say as you smile I feel like okay
I'm gonna end a block here like okay
this is not content yes yeah I hope you
guys liked this vlog even though I life
is pretty boring quality content I have
mental breakdowns I filmed it so bye